Session 2: Vrath's Keep

After a 24 of down-time, the party left town, and headed up the Don
Way towards Vrath's keep. Rehotep has acquired a real warhorse, but no
other major changes have occurred (other than the fact that the
Rogue/Wizard now has a name: Vossil).

The heat is oppresive, so Rehotep casts endure elements on the
armoured dwarf, and eventually on himself and Parn the
hexblade. Vossil suffers from the heat, but Rehotep does not have
enough spells to help. After a couple of hours, we find the trail that
would lead to Jorr, the local ranger, and we detour to his
dwelling. Enlisting his aid (he hates goblins), we then travel
on. Near the keep, we come to an area of swamp crossed by a
boardwalk. A waggon lies off the trail half submerged, and goblinoid
corpses lie around it. On closer investigation, a hydra emerges and
attacks the party (Rehotep, Parn and Tik-Tir closed with it). After a
swift but brutal battle, the hydra is slain by massive damage, and a
search by Rehotep reveals a sweet mithral breastplate worn by the
Hobgloblin commander! Rehotep dons the armour, accepting the 15%
arcane spell failure percentage.

Labouring on, we arrive in the vicinity of the keep. Losing no time,
we approach the gatehouse, overlooking a shack outside. Rehotep gains
entrance to the courtyard over a pile of rubble with a spectacular
riding jump, the others dismount and clamber in, but Tik-Tir is
dispatched to investigate the shack. Rehotep to the left, Rurik to the
right, the doors flanking the entrance are booted in (with Rehotep
fain to dismount). To the right, nothing. To the left, an empty room
but with another door, Rehotep calls on Parn to go in and investigate
further. Parn obliges, and a moment later, a Manticore grumbles at
Parn to bugger off, and go see Koth. Taken somewhat aback, Parn does
so, closing the door. After a brief debate, in which Rehotep is alone
in wanting to investigate the rest of the keep without first attacking
the manticore, there is a loud crash, as Tik-Tir's investigations have
brought the shack thundering down upon him. Rurik runs to his aid, but
the rest of the party hear noises from the stable-building, and
Rehotep dashes to investigate. Parn and Vossil take up strategic
positions as Rehotep bashes on the door from horse-back. A couple of
rounds later, just as Tik-Tir and Rurik meet up just outside the keep,
the door opens suddenly, revealing 2 foot and 3 worg-mounted goblins.

A tough knock-em down drag-em out battle ensues, with Rehotep riding
directly into their midst on horse, trying to unsettle the
worg-archers as Vossil and Parn seek melee combat positions to their
advantage. Rurik and Tik-Tir soon join the fray, and Parn is the only
one left in the courtyard to see the manticore rise to watch the
battle. The goblins prove to be tough, well armoured, and
coordinated. Moments later, the manticore sprays Parn with a deadly
hail of quills, and we have two battles on our hands. Tik-Tir goes out
to join Parn, and leaps heroically up to the manticores perch, and
attacks. Meanwhile in the stables, close-quarters work continues, but
the goblins stubbornly resist. Slowly, the goblins begin to fall, but
the steadfast Rurik is trippped by a Worg, and the party is being
slowed by injury, as Tik-Tir takes a vicious beating from the
manticore, and drops unconscious.

Vossil turns the tide, with his wand of color spray, blinding and
stunning worgs and riders, and the party take advantage of the
confusion, Rehotep driving them before him from horseback. Soon, we
are able to emerge and see Tik-Tir's plight, as the wounded Parn takes
the fight to the manticore by himself in the courtyard. A close-wounds
spell saves Tik-Tir, as Rehotep canters to Parn's aid. A round of
concerted attacks and the magical beast lies dead.

The party spends a few rounds healing with the wand that Rehotep
carries, and wishing to press the advantage, we crash the remaining
door. An enemy party awaits us, ready for action. A minotaur, 4
hobgoblins and a bugbear spellcaster crouch defensively across the
room. Rehotep dashes in, picking on a hobgloblin, and the party
streams in behind, taking the battle to the goblinoids. Koth, the
bugbear targets Rehotep with magic missile, but is foiled by the
shield spell. In turn, Vossil targets the bugbear, and is also foiled
by a shield! Moments later, Koth enjoys his first success, blinding
Tik-Tir. The battle develops, with Tik-Tir still fighting on valiantly
against the minotaur, slashing away blindly, but sometimes
succesfully. A hobgoblin soon falls, and then the minotaur, but
Tik-Tir, without targets, stummbles away from the combat. Rurik fights
his way through the enemy to Koth, and engages him directly, as the
rest of the party concentrate on the hobgoblins. Moments later, Koth
finds himself pressed hard by the entire party. In a clever move,
Vossil entangles Koth with an animated rope, and Koth is taken prisoner.

A detailed search reveals a trapdoor, with a shaft leading to a set of
locked and barred storerooms, and the corpse of Vrath, complete with
his magical sword. Rehotep claims the sword: a cold shimmering
Falchion, and using acid, a knock spell, and brute force, the 3 locks
are opened, and the treasures obtained.
